MyAccount API - Updating response body for 'Add a phone' and 'Challenge phone' to include 401 response (#3349)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/myaccount/index.md

If the phone authenticator isn't enabled for `method` on the org, the response returns a 403 FORBIDDEN with error code E0000038.

> Disabling the `IDP_MY_ACCOUNT_API` feature flag in the org returns a 401 UNAUTHORIZED with error code E0000015.

Reviewer: We need to avoid explicitly mentioning FFs in the docs :)
```suggestion
Disabling the `idp` version of the MyAccount API in the org returns a 401 UNAUTHORIZED with error code E0000015.
```
